README.md, before:

# csvd

[![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/jfyne/csvd/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/jfyne/csvd/latest)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/jfyne/csvd?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/jfyne/csvd)

This Golang library automatically detects the CSV delimiter and returns a `*csv.Reader` instance.

## Caveats

This is quite a simple implementation, the following caveats should be considered:

- The whole reader will be read into memory before returning the CSV reader, so it is not suitable for massive CSV's.
- At the moment it checks for the following delimiters `, \t ; : |`
- It's not bullet proof! Quick and simple.

## Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "strings"

    "github.com/jfyne/csvd"
)

func main() {
    example := `first_name;last_name;username
"Rob";"Pike";rob
Ken;Thompson;ken
"Robert";"Griesemer";"gri"
`

    // Get regular "encoding/csv" with its delimiter detected.
    reader := csvd.NewReader(strings.NewReader(example))

    // reader.Comma will be ';' instead of the default. Use as usual
    reader.ReadAll()
}
```

Commit message:

Sniffer can now be passed into the NewReader call, allows flexible delimiters

README.md, after:

# csvd

[![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/jfyne/csvd/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/jfyne/csvd/latest)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/jfyne/csvd?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/jfyne/csvd)

This Golang library automatically detects the CSV delimiter and returns a `*csv.Reader` instance.

## Caveats

This is quite a simple implementation, the following caveats should be considered:

- The whole reader will be read into memory before returning the CSV reader, so it is not suitable for massive CSV's.
- By default it checks for the following delimiters `, \t ; : |`, pass in a custom `*csvd.Sniffer` to change this.
- It's not bullet proof! Quick and simple.

## Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "strings"

    "github.com/jfyne/csvd"
)

func main() {
    example := `first_name;last_name;username
"Rob";"Pike";rob
Ken;Thompson;ken
"Robert";"Griesemer";"gri"
`

    // Get regular "encoding/csv" with its delimiter detected.
    reader := csvd.NewReader(strings.NewReader(example))

    // reader.Comma will be ';' instead of the default. Use as usual
    reader.ReadAll()

    customDelimiter := `first_name$last_name$username
"Rob"$"Pike"$rob
Ken$Thompson$ken
"Robert"$"Griesemer"$"gri"
`
    // Create a custom Sniffer
    s := csvd.Sniffer(20, '$', '*')

    // Use the custom sniffer to parse the CSV
    reader2 := csvd.NewReader(strings.NewReader(customDelimiter), s)

    // reader2.Comma will be '$' now
    reader2.ReadAll()
}
```
